[NARRATOR] All who lived
in Ente Isla knew of Satan,
ruler of demons.
His very name was synonymous
with the terror and cruelty
that ruled his demon realm,
as well as
the creatures of the night
that thrived in its depravity.
Four trusted generals
served the Devil\:
Adramelech, Lucifer,
Alciel, and Malacoda.
Satan was an ambitious ruler.
He sought to crush the
humans and their world,
thereby creating a land
of peace and prosperity
for all night's creatures.
[NARRATOR] However, a hero named
Emilia rose up against them.
She stormed the Devil's Castle,
sacred sword in hand.
[MAOU speaking in Ente Isla]
[speaking in Ente Isla]
[NARRATOR]
In Ente Isla, the war raged on.
[NARRATOR] After Satan,
the mighty general, Alciel,
and the Hero Emilia
vanished from the realm.
The five-continent
federation of knights
conducted a
large-scale operation.
They wanted to wipe out
every last remnant
of Satan's army on
the central continent.
In the midst of the chaos,
a lone figure ventured deep
into the Devil's
masterless Castle.
[LAILAH speaking in Ente Isla]
[ASHIYA]
I refuse to put up with this!
You're gonna give somebody
a heart attack, Ashiya!
What's the big issue?
The issue is our current
standard of living, Sire!
Show yourself! Good morning!
Care to share your
thoughts on our situation?
What part? That's so vague.
You mean how the great Satan
has turned into the
"Maou the burger flipper"?
Or how his general Alciel,
AKA "Ashiya,"
stays home playing mommy?
The sole problem here is you,
Demon General Lucifer!
You've become a spoiled shut-in,
providing naught
and wanting much!
Stop leeching off our money!
Save the fury for later, please.
I'm already melting in here
without all the extra hot air.
Yeah, this sweat lodge
puts hell to shame.
And that fan sucks.
I'd hate to see what that thing
is doing to the energy bill.
Maybe you should
go buy a new one?
You've lost your say.
Just think of the waste.
This Jungle.co has brought great
ruin to the castle's budget,
all thanks to you!
I need that stuff for research.
Research to save the rainforest
or to destroy it like you
did our savings?
It's way too hot for this.
You're hot?
Well, you must be thirsty, then!
Care for a drink?
[URUSHIHARA]
Barley tea?
There's not enough for a glass.
Which of you
last partook in our tea?
Come on, do you really
need to ask that?
[ASHIYA]
I'm aware of the culprit, Sire.
My question was a formality.
Pray tell.
Why didn't you
brew some more tea
after nearly depleting
the community pitcher?
It's as simple as placing a
packet into a bit of tap water!
Your true colors
have been revealed.
You're a freeloading
troglodyte who--
[MAOU]
Hold down the fort for me.
I've gotta hurry,
or I'll be late to work.
[ASHIYA] Have a pleasant
and lucrative day, my liege!
--'Kay.
--[EMI grunts]
[groans]
Oh, it's Emilia!
The world-renowned hero with
a penchant for eavesdropping!
[EMI]
Yeah, right.
You were so loud
I didn't need to eavesdrop!
The Devil and his trusty demons
were sitting around this
crappy apartment with no AC,
crying about the heat
and arguing over
who should make
more instant tea.
Rude, much?
Did you come here just
to mock our poverty?
Your bougie ass has AC
at home, and at work, too!
At least we ain't
frying the ozone!
I'm terribly sorry I can afford
an apartment nice enough
to have air conditioning.
FYI it is an energy
efficient model,
and double FYI
it's set to eco mode.
I'm quite the
environmental warrior.
Screw you!
Thanks for the friendly reminder
of how much better
you have it than us.
[skittering sound]
Weird face.
Something wrong?
Chill out. It's nothing.
Probably just the fan.
I'd hate to take up more
of your time, AC Princess.
I've gotta get to work anyway.
See ya, Emi.
Well, then!
With His Majesty gone,
it's time we discuss the
burden placed upon him
given our single-income status.
As of this very moment, I pledge
to stop taking one-off jobs!
I will search for an occupation
in which shift-offerings
are regular and secure!
[URUSHIHARA]
Knock yourself out, champ.
[ASHIYA] Unfortunately, this new
endeavor invites the danger
of disarray into our perfectly
maintained household!
I'll leave the duties in your
grease-encrusted hands.
I'd just ruin stuff.
Not after you go through
my meticulously-devised
housekeeping boot camp.
[CHIHO]
Hi, Mister Maou!
Good morning!
Oh, hey. Mornin' Chi.
Are we on the same shift today?
That's right! Whoa.
Is somebody the owner
of a shiny new bike?
Uh-huh! It's the six-speed
Bridgestoon City Cycle.
I present to you:
Dullahan the second!
Dang, I bet that thing
was expensive.
[MAOU]
Suzuno bought it for me.
The OG Dullahan's death
was her fault, after all.
Check it! Though Dullahan nobly
died protecting its master,
its soul still remains!
And I bonded it
to this new ride!
See that, Chi?
It's Dullahan's reflector!
[EMI]
You bought Maou a new bike?
Mm. I had expected a steep cost.
But it came out to a
meager 30-thousand yen.
Felt rather anticlimactic.
In what world is
30 thousand meager?
C'mon, Bel, you just moved here
and have no semblance of a job.
Are you sure
you can afford that?
I traveled to this world
with several relics
from the Grand Hoshin Church.
They sold for quite
a large sum at Mugihyo.
Huh?
[SUZUNO]
Is something the matter?
Yeah. I kinda feel
like someone's watching.
I noticed Maou seemed
worried about something earlier.
Do you think heaven sent
down another assassin?
Sariel might be back
for the sacred sword!
I highly doubt the latter.
Have you seen
the archangel lately?
He's steadily grown rather--
[SARUE] In fair Tokyo
where we lay our scene!
You from MgRonalds.
I from the grand palace
of Sentucky Fried.
How star-crossed!
We're the fast-food industry's
Romeo and Juliet!
Okay. He's all yours.
Hello and welcome.
May I take your order?
I'll have ten large
Big Mig meals.
Oh, and some fries and a
cola milord, what say you?
Rotund.
So he's chubby?
[CHIHO, MAOU]
Thank you, come again!
He's gained some weight.
Big time.
So that's what happens
when you scarf down ten
large meals every day.
Cautionary tale.
The creep has managed to become
a major contributor to sales.
But he's gotta knock it off with
the flowers and Lardy Bard act.
Our customers are
finding it disturbing.
[ALL 3]
Welcome to MgRonald's!
[giggles]
Here's a special menu
just for kids.
Take all the time you need!
Thank you, young man.
Does anything look
yummy to you, Kentaro?
Uh, yeah!
Mister Maou?
You got something on your mind?
Kinda. This morning there was...
Huh? Nah.
No need to talk
about it at work.
[ASHIYA]
First mission.
Put today's laundry
in the washer.
Once the sequence is initiated,
we enter the opportune
window for vacuuming.
Understood?
You betcha.
Say "yes, sir," maggot!
[URUSHIHARA]
Dude?
Where'd you find this relic?
you steal it from
a pharaoh's tomb?
It looks older than you.
Aren't fully automatic machines
kinda standard these days?
For the layman, they might be.
But semi-automatics
have advantages.
The greatest of which
is that they aren't
controlled by a computer.
If you take a moment to
consider the total amount
of water and detergent used,
you'll find far and
wide that they are
the more economical choice
for small but frequent loads.
What's more, they can wash
and spin-dry simultaneously.
This allows us separation.
We can have loads of towels,
underwear, lights, and darks,
saving time and protecting
our precious fabric.
I get it.
I'm in the presence
of greatness.
Ugh. Just show me
how to use the thing.
[ASHIYA]
Hmph.
For starters,
the washer is on the left,
and the spinner is on the right.
After you insert the clothes,
gently turn this dial
to set the timer.
And nice shirts go in
this little bag, don't they?
Stop that! Not so fast!
It's paramount that you undo
the buttons at the cuffs.
But they're, like, microscopic!
Why's it so important?
[ASHIYA] The buttons sit right
where people tend to sweat!
If you're not careful...
Poor girl, are you
forced to listen
to boring conversations
like this every day?
Such is my life.
Today's talk is more
esoteric than usual.
Odd. I've somehow grown curious.
Are fully and semi-automatic
so different?
No clue.
I've only ever had to use
the fully automatic kind.
[ASHIYA]
There's more work to be done.
Shortly,
the clothes will be dry,
and we'll bring them
inside to neatly fold.
After that,
we can put them away.
Pay attention. T-shirts should
be laid sideways like this.
Then the sleeves folded in equal
widths on the right and left.
Lastly, you bring the
bottom up to the neck.
Well, soldier?
Are you even listening to me?
Yeah, but I just picked up on
a presence in the room.
A presence?
[skittering sound]
Hey. Do you think it could it
be a Blattella germanica?
Blate--? Blatella
germanica, you say?
No chance!
That would be impossible!
The Devil's castle is
so perfectly defended
that an invasion
is inconceivable!
One intruder, and I have
failed as a general!
I dunno.
It could be a
Periplaneta fuliginosa.
[ASHIYA] Silence! You better
not be using fear tactics
to worm your way
out of doing chores!
I must embark upon a quest
to the library and supermarket.
Now, take in the laundry
and finish the cleaning
before I return,
or you'll regret it!
[BOTH]
Thank you, and come again soon!
I've got the washrooms
looking clean and tidy!
Great work today, Chi.
I know your shifts
aren't quite over yet,
but you two can head home early.
[giggles] Mister Maou,
are you gonna be,
like, super busy tonight?
Not me.
No plans are the best plans.
[CHIHO]
Well, in that case.
Is it cool if I hang out at your
apartment for a little while?
I want to show these
to Miss Suzuno.
Oh, yeah,
it's Bon Festival time.
Aren't these the
flax stalks you burn
to guide your ancestors back?
Oh, wow!
Dang. So you already
know about them?
[MAOU]
Yup.
We got to your world
around this time last year.
We did loads of research on
all your magic and rituals.
That's awesome. Miss Suzuno
must be less familiar.
I promised to bring some over,
so she could see them in person.
That sounds fun. One problem.
Nothing personal, but I don't
think you should come by today.
Oh, why not?
[MAOU] I don't know,
I just have a bad feeling.
[URUSHIHARA]
Ugh. It's barely working.
Cheap products, cheap results.
[beeping]
Changing the bag wasn't part of
bootcamp. So guess I'm done.
Cool.
[skittering sound]
I knew it was you.
Bold of you to show yourself.
Blattella germanica! Hya! Hya!
Hyaaa!
It's no use!
This cheap vacuum is no match
for Blatella's speed
and endurance!
I knew I should've ordered
some legit weapons
for moments like these.
Too late now.
Die!
Here comes Luci.
[skittering sound]
Could that be a
Periplaneta fuliginosa?
Ugh. Literally
any other time, rain.
[MAOU] Shoot.
I totally forgot my umbrella.
These kinds of showers stop
as quickly as they start.
Maybe we should wait it out in
the break room together.
Nah. I'm more concerned
with my apartment thanthe rain.
Okie doke!
In that case, why don't
we share my umbrella?
That's really nice,
but I'm worried about you
being at my place.
Don't be!
If there's a problem,
I wanna help you!
Trust me!
[URUSHIHARA groans]
Ashiya's gonna be mega pissed
if I don't wash all
this crap again.
The enemy is in hiding.
Guess I can rewash
the stupid clothes
during this stupid truce.
But no way in hell am
I separating lights and darks.
[URUSHIHARA]
Hmm?
[URUSHIHARA screams]
What the--?!
--What's wrong?
--[URUSHIHARA shudders]
Ah! It's a cockroach!
Have at me!
No!
[screeches]
It's airborne!
Light of Iron!
[EMI] You need a minute
to grab some fresh pants?
I wasn't scared of that thing!
You'd brown-stripe yourself
too if it was all up on you!
Well, you'd better
get used to pests
if you're gonna live in
dumps your whole life.
I've never once seen a
cockroach at my apartment.
Don't say c-roach!
It's so pervy!
Whoever made that crap up
knew what they were doing.
We use the Latin names.
Like, Blattella germanica.
Periplaneta fuligiosa
is common as well.
At MgRonald's,
we just call them "Taro."
I didn't know about that.
[MAOU] Then that makes you
one of the lucky ones.
It's like how we say "washrooms"
instead of "toilets."
No one wants to hear "cockroach"
when their munchin'
on a Big Mig.
Everything's prepared.
Time to light the fire.
[SUZUNO] Come to think of it,
does the Devil have ancestors?
Yeah, of course.
Demons don't just
pop out of the ground
or grow on trees, you know.
We all have ancestors
and parents, too.
Whoa, you have parents?
I do. Ancestry is
pretty foggy for demons
because most of us don't
mourn like humans do.
There's no way I could
figure out all that stuff.
To be honest, I can barely
remember my folks.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to make you spill your guts.
[MAOU]
Don't be.
I mean, I'm the one
who started talking about it.
Heads up!
Grab onto something, quick!
It's the Gate!
[SUZUNO]
An apple?
Even the demon realm doesn't
grow apples that massive.
The only time weird stuff
like this happens to me
is when I'm around you!
[MAOU] That might be because
you're always around me!
Ever think of that,
Stalky McCreepers?
Please, that couldn't be
further from the truth!
I came to give
Bel info on you clowns
because she's stuck living here.
Protecting the world
from you is my duty!
You think I stalk you?
Well, there wouldn't be much
to stalk Mister
One Ratty Unislo shirt!
Shut up! I understand
you hate me,
but what did
Unislo do to you?
Do they not carry sports bras
in size pancake,
Miss Itty Bitty Hero Committee?
That does it.
I'll decapitate
you here and now!
[screeches] Put that sword away!
Relax, Emi!
Let's just use our words!
Too late for that!
I'm coming, Lord Sata-- Ohh!
What's wrong with Chiho?
[CHIHO]
I got a hug from Mister Maou.
I got a real hug!
[giggles] A hug!
We lost her.
Please.
Kill this enemy of womankind.
[MAOU]
Don't make this worse, stop her!
Shoot, I forgot you're
committee member number two!
For shame. Our plans for world
domination have been cut down
before my very eyes!
Who would've thought our doom
would involve an insult
about a brassiere?
Pervert! Time to die!
Huh?
The hell is going on?
I can die happy now! Hah!
[SUZUNO]
Light of Iron!
[sneezes]
So, anybody have a clue
what just happened?
Nope, and it's getting
really late, so goodnight.
[MAOU]
You're staying right here!
Bel and I have nothing
to do with this mess!
Baby Smith apple's all yours!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Morning.
Huh? You can speak
our language, child?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Uh, a lil bit.
Then fill us in, what are you?
I'm Alas Ramus.
So, is that your name?
Yeah! I'm Alas Ramus! [sneezes]
Uh. Well, it's really nice
to meet you, Alas Ramus.
Where did you come from?
I, uh, don't know.
Could you tell me
who your parents are?
Parents? What's that?
He means your mama
and your dada.
Dada is Satan!
That's awesome!
Your dada is Satan!
Huhh?
Me? For real?
What the--? Dada?
You have a child?
[MAOU]
No, Chi, please don't freak out!
You had a wife and kids
back when you were
Mister Bigshot Devil!
That's not a very
nice secret to keep!
Calm down!
I don't have a secret family!
[ASHIYA] You had better
be telling the truth, Sire!
Huh? Et tu, Ashiya?
An illegitimate heir
is no laughing matter
in the demon realm!
More than that,
I thought we told each other
everything, my liege!
Chill! Why are you all taking
a toddler's word over mine?
Oh, I know.
Tell us who your mama is.
Mama.
Huh? Are you pointing
at me right now?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Dada. Mama.
Either the child is a liar, or
you have some explaining to do.
Okay, Miss Yusa, you can tell us
the kid is lying anytime now!
Dada! Mama!
[giggles]